你去看他吧	You should go and see him
你吃些东西吧	Eat a little bit!
这是他妈妈吧？	That is his mum, right?
你是北京人吧？	You are from Beijing, right?
白色是我最喜欢的颜色	White is my favourite colour
三百二十五	325
二百三	230
二百三十	230
二百零三	203
这个问题我不懂，你可以帮助我吗？	I do not get this question, can you help me?
每天早上我都看报纸	Every morning I read the newspaper
你比她漂亮	You are more beautiful than her
这些东西比那些多	These things are more than those
今天比昨天热	It is warmer today than yesterday
今天的天气比昨天好	The weather today is better than yesterday
我吃得比你多	I ate more than you
我吃的东西比你多	I ate more (things) than you
我说得比你好	I speak better than you
我汉语比你好	My Chinese is better than yours
别说你不喜欢我	Do not say you do not like me
别的女人没有你漂亮	Other girls are not as beautiful as you are
在北京宾馆比较贵	The hotels in Beijing are relatively expensive
坐火车去北京要多长时间？	How long does it take to get to Beijing by train?
我的妻子很会唱歌	My wife is very good at singing
你出去吧	Go outside!
今天很冷，你多穿一点衣服	It is quite cold today, wear some warmer clothes
我已经去过北京三次了	I have been to Beijing for three times already
每次我去这个商店人都很多	Each time I am going to this shop there are loads of people
我从这里坐火车去北京	I am going from here to Beijing by train
这是你的错	That is your fault
大家好	Hello everybody
大家怎么样？	How is everybody doing?
很多中国人都喜欢打篮球	A lot of Chinese like playing basketball
我到了	I arrived
你说得对	You are right, I agree
你说得很好	You are talking very well
你在说汉语	You are speaking Chinese
你说汉语说得很好	Your Chinese is very good
你说话说得很好	You are talking very well
你说话说得很好	You are talking very well
他还在学校，我们在这里等他	He is still at school, let's wait for him here
好，我们在这里等一下	Ok, we are waiting a little bit here
等一下	one moment!
我的弟弟比我小四岁	My brother is 4 years younger than me
我是第一	I am first
我是第二	I am second
我是第二个	I am second
第三个人来了	The third person arrived
第五个字你写得很好	The fifth character you wrote very well
我不懂	I do not understand
我听不懂	I do not understand what you say
这对我来说太难了	This is too difficult for me
你说得对	You are right
我的房间很小	My room is very small
这个电脑非常好	This computer is great
这个电脑是非常好的	This computer is very good
服务员，再来一个米饭	Waiter, another bowl of rice
你好高	You are very tall
我告诉你，他很有钱	I am telling you, he is rich
我的哥哥比我大三岁	My brother is 3 years older than me
我给你	I give (this) to you
我送给你	I give (this) to you (as a present)
你可以给我一杯水吗？	Can you give me a glass of water?
我每天坐公共汽车去学校	Every day I am going to school by bus
我朋友开了一家公司	My friend founded a company
这个太贵了	This is too expensive
我买过一本书	I have bought a book (before)
你去过北京吗？	Have you ever been to Beijing?
我去过北京	I have been to Beijing
你去过北京吗？	Have you ever been to Beijing?
我没去过	I have never gone (been there)
他为什么还没来？	Why is he still not here?
你的孩子跑得很快	Your kid is running very fast
这个菜很好吃	This meal is delicious
这里很黑	It is very dark here
这个苹果很红	This apple is very red
他很红	He is very popular/famous
我是在火车站吃饭的	I ate something at the train station
火车站在哪儿?	Where is the train station?
中国有很多新的机场	In China there are a lot of new airports
我每天吃两个鸡蛋	I eat two eggs every day
我想买这件衣服	I want to buy this piece of clothing
我们的教室在哪儿？	Where is our classroom?
我朋友爱上了我姐姐	My friend fell in love with my older sister
请你给我介绍一下你的朋友	Please introduce your friend to me
你进去吧	Go inside!
这个商店离我学校很近	This shop is near my school
我们就快到了	We are almost there
他们明天就去北京	They are going to Beijing tomorrow
我觉得你说得对	I think you are right
我爸爸很喜欢喝咖啡	My dad really likes drinking coffee
我们的课现在开始	Our class starts now
今天考试怎么样？	How was the test today?
我们每天八点上课	We start with classes at 8 everyday
我很喜欢我们的汉语课	I like our Chinese lessons
我们可能不能去北京旅游	Maybe we cannot go travelling to Beijing
我们可以去你家吗？	Can we go to your place?
你开得很快	You are driving very fast
生日快乐	Happy birthday
我很快乐	I am very happy
你累不累？	Are you tired?
这个饭馆离我家很远	This restaurant is far away from my home
我买了一本书	I bought a book
我买了两本书	I bought two books
这里有两个人	There are two people here
这里有十二个人	There are 12 people here
零下四	-4 (for temperature)
零下十一	-11 (for temperature)
我们走路去吧	Let's walk there
在北京的路上车很多	There are loads of cars on the streets in Beijing
我明天去北京旅游	Tomorrow I am going to Beijing to travel
我的衣服太多了，我要卖一些	I have too many clothes, I have to sell a couple
我卖水果	I sell fruits
你开得很慢	You are driving very slowly
我今天很忙，你可以明天来吗？	I am very busy today, can you come tomorrow?
我每天学汉语	I study Chinese every day
每个人吃了一块	Each person ate one piece
我妹妹很漂亮	My younger sister is very beautiful
我们一个星期有三门课	We have 3 different kinds of lessons per week
北京的面条特别好吃	Beijing noodles are extremely delicious
我是男人	I'm a man
老师，您好	(greeting the teacher)
您做的菜很好吃	Your food is delicious
喝点牛奶吧	Drink some milk!
他不是女人，他是男人	He's not a girl, he's a guy
我的大学在医院的旁边	My university is next to the hospital
我每个星期天都去跑步	Every Sunday I am going for a run
这个东西很便宜	This thing is very cheap
公共汽车的票很便宜	The bus ticket is very cheap
你什么时候起床？	When are you getting up?
你的妻子在哪儿？	Where is your wife?
三千	3000
三千二	3200
六千五百一	6510
两千二百二十二	2222
四千零五	4005
七千零二十一	7021
明天考试的时候一定要用铅笔	At the test tomorrow it is mandatory to use pencils
一月三日，星期五，晴	3rd of January, Friday, sunny
我去年来了北京	I came to Beijing last year
去年我来了北京	Last year I came to Beijing
我是去年来北京的	I came to Beijing last year
我不让你去	I do not allow you to go
他让我很高兴	He makes me very happy
8月3日	August 3rd
一天	1 day
四天	4 days
这个星期我好忙，我明天早点上班	I am very busy this week, I will go to work earlier tomorrow
你身体怎么样？	How are you doing (health)?
我生病了	I am sick
明天是我的生日	Tomorrow is my birthday
我明天有时间	Tomorrow I have time
从6点到10点我有时间	From 6 to 10 I am free
你什么时候有时间去看电影？	When do you have time to go to the cinema?
你忙吗？我有一些事情要和你说	Are you busy? I have some things I want to talk about with you
我买了一块新的手表	I bought a new watch
我新买的手机不贵	My newly bought phone was not expensive
这个手机比那个好	This phone is better than that one
我很喜欢听我的老师说话	I really like listening to what my teacher says
我送你到机场	I drive/escort you to the airport
虽然今天天气很好，但是我们还是要在家里好好学习	Even though the weather is really good today, we still have to stay at home and study
这是你的狗吗？它很漂亮。	Is this your dog? It is very beautiful
今天的题很有意思	Today's questions are very interesting
我明天去踢足球	I am going to play football tomorrow
我们去跳舞吧	Let's go dancing!
我在外面	I am outside
我做完了	I am finished
我游完了，去吃饭吧	I am done with swimming, let's get something to eat
星期五晚上我们出去玩吧	Let's go out on Friday night
我们的孩子在玩水	Our kids are having fun in the water
你晚上想去看电影吗？	Do you want to go out for a film tonight?
你一直往前走，就到银行了	Keep on walking ahead, then you'll get to the bank
你为什么不喜欢我？	Why don't you like me?
他为什么没来？	Why didn't he come?
你可以问他	You can ask him
这次考试的问题很好	The questions of the test were very good this time
我每个星期五洗衣服	Every Friday I am washing my clothes
那些西瓜非常大	Those watermelons are huge
我希望明天天气好一点	I hope the weather is a little bit better tomorrow
你不要笑我	Do not laugh at me
十个小时	10 hours
我不喜欢我的衣服，我要买新的	I do not like my clothes, I need to by some new pieces
我姓张	My surname is Zhang
我们休息一下吧	We should take a break
明天要下雪	Tomorrow it will snow
你的眼睛很漂亮	Your eyes are beautiful
这件衣服的颜色很漂亮	This clothes' colour is beautiful
很多中国人喜欢吃羊肉	Many Chinese like eating mutton
你吃点药吧	Take some medicine
我要这个	I want this
我要这个菜	I want this dish
我要买一本书	I will/want to buy a book
我要来了	I will be coming
她很漂亮，你也是	She is very beautiful, you are as well
我明天也去北京	I am also going to Beijing tomorrow
我已经买了一本书	I have already bought a book
我们一起去了饭馆吃饭	We went to the restaurant together to eat
我们喜欢一起看电影	We like watching movies together
这个是什么意思？	What does that mean?
你等我一下	Wait for me
星期三，阴雨天气 	Wednesday, cloudy and rainy weather
因为下雨，所以我们今天去看电影	Because it rains we go to the cinema today
在右边有一家很大的商店	There is a big shop on the right
很多中国人不会游泳	A lot of Chinese are not able to swim
在中国人们喜欢吃大的鱼	In China people like eating big fish
从这里到那里多远	How far is it from here to there
我和我的朋友每天都做运动	My friend and I are doing some sport every day
这次看的电影很好看，我明天再看一次	The film (I/we) watched this time was great, I am going to watch it again tomorrow
再来一次	again!
你早上什么时候起床？	When are you getting up in the morning?
她的丈夫很有钱	Her husband is very rich
我在找我的手机，但是找不到	I am looking for my phone, but I cannot find it
他看着电视	He is watching TV
我们坐着说话	We sit down and talk
你真的很漂亮	You are really very beautiful
他正在看电视	He is watching TV
我爱你，但是我知道你不喜欢我	I love you, but I know that you do not like me
我们准备走了	We are getting ready to go
你们准备好了吗？	Are you ready?
今天天气很好，我们出去走一走吧	The weather today is great, we should go out and walk a little bit
这个电脑最好	This computer is the best
这个电脑是最好的	This computer is best
最好的是这个	This one is best
你最好喝点水	It is best for you to drink some water
在学校的左边有个小饭馆	There is a small restaurant on the right side of the school
