好啊	Alright
阿姨，我真的饱了，我吃不了这块蛋糕	Aunt, I'm really full, I can't eat this piece of cake anymore
我的妹妹很矮	My little sister is very short
游泳是我最大的爱好	Swimming is my most beloved hobby
你今天怎么那么安静？	Why are you so silent today?
你把这个给我	Give me this
我已经在中国半年了	I've been in China for half a year already
你明天有时间帮我搬家吗？	Do you have time tomorrow to help me move?
这个斑的学生都会说汉语	The students of this class are all able to speak Chinese
我也没有办法	I can't do anything about that either
如果你们有问题你们就来我办公室找我	If you have questions you can come to my office
你可以帮我一个很大的忙吗？	Could you do me a big favour?
你饱了吗？	Are you full?
我好饱	I am very full
你的包很漂亮，是新买的吗？	Your bag is beautiful, is it a new one?
这个都被你吃完了	This was all eaten by you
一月的时候中国北方的天气很冷	In January the weather is very cold in China's northern area
我想买个新笔记本	I want to buy a new notebook
我喜欢这个菜，但是还是那个菜比较好吃	I like this dish, but that one still tastes a little bit better
明天我和我弟弟一起去看足球比赛	Tomorrow my little brother and I go to see a football match
如果你想住在宾馆你就必须带你的护照	If you want to stay at a hotel you have to bring your passport
我的鼻子比一般的中国人大	My nose is bigger than the one of an average Chinese
这真是一个很大的变化	This is really a big change
别人说什么不重要，你自己想学汉语就学吧	It's not important what other people are saying, if you want to study Mandarin study
把那些东西都放到冰箱	Put all those things in the fridge
他不但有钱而且人很好	He's not only rich but also a great guy
服务员，请给我们菜单	Waiter, the menu please
我当然要参加今年的游泳比赛	Of course I will take part in this year's swimming competition
一般的牛喜欢吃草	Normal cows like eating grass
他的办公室在八层	His office is on the 8th floor
我的汉语不错，但是我的数学很差	My Mandarin is quite good, but my maths is really bad
离我们家最近的超市很小	The supermarket closest to our home is very small
我想给我弟弟买件新的衬衫	I want to buy my little brother a new shirt
妈妈一看到我的成绩就很高兴	As soon as my mum saw my marks she was very happy
我觉得大城市比小城市有意思得多	I think big cities are a lot more interesting than small ones
明天有考试，你不要迟到	Tomorrow is a test, don't be late
除了这几块我没什么钱	Except for those bucks I do not have any money
除了你我没有别的女人	You are the only girl in my life
买船比买车贵得多	It is a lot more expensive to buy a ship than to by a car
春节是中国最重要的节日	Spring festival is China's most important festival
我很喜欢春天的天气	I really like the weather in spring
一本好的词典对学习语言很有帮助	A good dictionary helps a lot when studying a new language
我是我们班最聪明的学生	I am the brightest student in our class
明天我爸爸妈妈来看我，我一定要打扫我的房间	Tomorrow my mum and my dad come to see me, I really have to clean my room
明年我打算去中国学汉语	Next year I plan to go to China to study Mandarin
今天很冷，带帽子吧	It is very cold today, you should wear a hat
中国的蛋糕不便宜	Chinese cakes are not cheap
妈妈，你不用担心，我不喝酒	Mum, you don't need to worry, I won't drink alcohol
你问我我爱谁？当然是你！	You are asking me who I love? You of course!
你慢慢地走吧	Go slowly, take care
我的灯坏了，我现在要用我手机的灯看书	My light is broken, now I have to use my mobile phone to read the book
这个地方真漂亮	This place is really beautiful
我每天坐地铁去上班	I go to work by subway every day
我不懂这城市的地图	I don't get the map of this city
我住在24层，你乘电梯上来吧	I'm living on the 24th floor, use the elevator to come up
我现在还不知道，我明天给你写电子邮件	I don't know yet, I'll write you an email tomorrow
向东走五百米就是医院	Go east for 500m, then you get to a hospital
冬天你一定要多穿一点衣服	In winter you have to wear more clothes
你最喜欢哪种动物？	Which animal do you like most?
这一段你写得很好	This paragraph you wrote very well
我们昨天看的电影很短	The film we watched yesterday was very short
我每个星期五去锻炼身体	Every Friday I am going for a work-out
我觉得你不知道你的女朋友有多么漂亮	I think you do not realize how beautiful your girlfriend is
我好饿，把你的苹果给我	I am starving, give me your apple
那么高大的人怎么可能有那么小的耳朵？	How can such a big person have so small ears?
麻烦你给大家发一下材料	Please send everyone the material
我发烧了，我今天不能去上课	I have fever, I cannot go to class today
我发现，学汉语其实很有意思	I found out, studying Chinese is actually quite interesting
你把这个放到那儿	Put this over there
在宾馆的一层有超市，这个很方便	At the first floor of the hotel there's a supermarket, that's very convenient
你放心吧，你考得很不错	Relax, you did quite well at the test
现在是5点17分	It's 5:17 now
在我家的附近超市，地铁站，饭馆都有	A supermarket, subway station and restaurants, that can all be found nearby my home
你一定要每天复习你新学的词语	You really need to revise your newly learned words every day
我是男人，我的房间当然不太干净	I am a man, of course my room is not very clean
你穿得太少了，你不要感冒	You are not wearing enough, take care not to catch a cold
我对学汉语很感兴趣	I'm very interested in learning Chinese
我刚才看到了我的好朋友	I have just seen my good friend
她的个子很高，她弟弟的个子也很高	She is very tall, her little brother is as well
你跟我一起去吧	Go with me together!
你跟着我吧	Follow me!
我跟你不一样	You and I are different
根据你刚才说的话，你真的很爱这个女人	Based on what you just said, you really love this girl
我喜欢她，但是我更喜欢你	I like her, but I like you even more
一公斤多少钱？	How much is one kilogram?
在中国早上很多老人家去公园锻炼身体	In China a lot of old people go to the park in the morning to do some exercise
你问一下你的叔叔，他知道很多很好的故事	Ask your uncle, he knows a lot of good stories
今天刮大风，你多穿点衣服吧	The wind today is quite strong, you better wear enough clothes!
你把门关上吧，外面太冷了	Close the door, it is too cold outside
我们的关系很好	We get along very well
我来医院看你是因为我关心你	I came to the hospital to see you because I care about you
关于你的儿子，他的老师说他是很好的学生	Concerning your son, his teacher said he is a very good student
时间过得真快，我马上就要回国了	Time flies by, I'm almost about to move back to my home country
中国是很大的国家	China is a big country
我知道这个事情让你很难过，但是这个也会过去的	I know this thing makes you very sad, but that will go by as well
我害怕我的老师	I am afraid of my teacher
我不知道我要买这个还是那个	I do not know whether to buy this or that
你还是很漂亮的	You are still very beautiful
你们别说话，看黑板	Don't talk, look at the blackboard
后来她知道了事情的真相	Later she found out the truth
我明天坐飞机去北京，但是我找不到我的护照	I'm going to Beijing tomorrow by plane, but I can't find my passport
我朋友非常喜欢画画	My friend really likes drawing pictures
我昨天花了好多钱买花	I have spent a lot of money yesterday on flowers
我昨天花了很多钱	I spent a lot of money yesterday
你好坏	You are evil
我的杯子坏了	My cup is broken
我还你铅笔	I give you your pencil back
这件衬衫你已经穿了五天，你换一件新的吧	You have been wearing this shirt for 5 days already, go and change to a new one!
我住的地方的环境很不错	The area where I live is quite nice
欢迎你	welcome!
黄河很长	The Yellow River is very long
我问你，你回答我	I ask you, you answer
你一定要参加这次的会议，比上次的有意思得多	You definitely have to attend this upcoming meeting, it's gonna be a lot more interesting than the last one
我早上七点或者八点起床	I am getting up at 7 or 8 in the morning
或者他今天很忙	Or he might be very busy today
有一天我想去南极	One day I want to go to the South Pole
我忙极了	I'm extremely busy
我还记得，我们一起去北京的时候你也穿了这件衣服	I still remember, when we went to Beijing together you also wore this clothes
你的苹果我几乎都吃完了	I have eaten almost all of your apples
谢谢你们给我这个机会，我们一起努力吧	Thank you for giving me this opportunity, together we will work very hard
在这家公司冬天就是最忙的季节	At this company, winter is the busiest season
你让医生检查一下你的腿	Let the doctor have a look at your leg
这个问题很简单	That is a very simple question
因为我每天吃苹果，每天去锻炼身体，所以我身体很健康	Because I eat apples every day and go for a work-out, I am healthy
我们明天十一点在老师的办公室见面吧	Let's meet tomorrow at 11 at the teacher's office
开会的时候你想我讲什么？	What do you want me to say at the meeting?
大脚的人比小脚的人游得快	People with big feet swim quicker than people with small feet
这张画的左下角有问题	The lower left corner of this picture is faulty
这个老师教汉语	This teacher teaches Mandarin
我可以借这本书吗？	Can I borrow this book?
我打了好几次，你为什么不接电话？	I have called you quite a few times, why do you never answer the phone?
这条街道是新的，在那边开车没问题	This street is new, driving there is no problem
你们打算什么时候结婚？	When do you plan to marry?
我的数学真不好，你知道怎么解决这个问题吗？	My maths is really bad, do you know how to solve this task?
这个节目很好玩儿	This program is great fun
明天是节日，你不用来上课	Tomorrow is a holiday, you don't need to go to school
我们的会议马上就结束	Our meeting is almost at the end
我经常去踢足球	I often go play soccer
经过很多年的学习我终于可以说：我会说汉语	After many years of study I can finally say: I can speak Mandarin
我的经理人很好，每天都让我早点下班	My manager is a nice person, he always allows me to leave work a little bit too early
我的雨伞已经很旧，我应该去买新的	My umbrella is already very old, I should go and buy a new one
好久不见	We haven't seen each other for quite some time
这些句子很长	These sentences are very long
你决定了吗？	Have you made a decision?
我们十点一刻见面吧	Let's meet at 10:15
你渴吗？	Are you thirsty?
你的女儿非常可爱，她几岁？	Your daughter is really cute, how old is she?
今天晚上我家有客人，所以我不能出去玩儿	Tonight we have guests at home, so I cannot go out
我们的空调坏了，还好今天天气没有那么热	Our air conditioning is broken, lucky that the weather isn't that hot today
吃一口吧	Eat one bite
你不要哭，我们一起想办法吧	Don't cry, we'll look for a solution together
我需要一条新的裤子	I need a new pair of trousers
你会用筷子吗？	Are you able to use chopsticks?
这条蓝色的裙子真好看	This blue skirt really looks great
我老了	I am old now
他老去问他妈要钱	He is always going to his mum to ask for money
我真不想离开你，但是我要去我老家看我爸爸妈妈	I really don't want to leave you, but I have to go home to see my parents
我们都很喜欢我们的历史老师	We all really like our history teacher
这是个礼物，我送给你	This is a present, I am giving it to you
你的脸很漂亮	Your face is beautiful
我没脸	I have no face (honour)
你真不要脸	You really do not care about face
我和我的朋友每天早上都练习打篮球	My friend and I practice playing basketball every morning
老师让我们做这个练习	The teacher makes us do this exercise
我昨天买了一辆新的车	Yesterday I bought a new car
我不了解女人	I don't get women
他经常给女朋友打电话聊天	He is often giving his girlfriend a call to have a chat
有时候我们和邻居一起吃饭	Sometimes we eat together with our neighbours
一个人出国留学很辛苦	Going abroad by oneself for studying isn't easy
我住在三楼	I'm living on the third floor
孩子们一看到他做的绿色的蛋糕就很高兴	As soon as the kids saw the green cake she made they were very happy
我朋友的马非常喜欢吃花	My friend's horse really likes eating flowers
我马上就到了	I am almost there
我考得很好，我特别满意	I was really good at the exam, I'm more than satisfied
你的帽子很好看，是在哪里买的？	Your hat looks great, where did you buy it?
我哥哥一米八，我一米九	My older brother is 1.80m tall, I am 1.90
中国的面包一般来说不好吃	Chinese bread is usually not too delicious
我不明白你的意思	I don't get what you mean
你拿一下我的包，我要去拿钱	Take my bag for a moment, I need to get some money
我奶奶已经84岁了，但是她还是每天去游泳	My grandmother is already 84, but she's still going swimming every day
中国的南方和北方很不一样	China's south is very different from the north
这个问题很难，我不明白	This question is very difficult, I don't get it
我的猫一个星期没有回家，我很难过	My cat hasn't come home for a week, I feel very sad
这个班是八年级的学生	The students of this class are year 8
现在的年轻人一直在看电脑手机	Today's young people are always looking at their phone or computer
中国人一看到鸟就开始想它好不好吃	When Chinese see a bird they immediately start thinking whether the bird tastes good or not
我要每天都努力学习	I will work hard every day
我每个周末去爬山	Every weekend I go hiking
我买了一大盘面	I bought a big plate of noodles
我好胖	I am fat
我们一起喝一杯啤酒吧	Let's drink a (glass of) beer together
这双皮鞋穿着很舒服	Tis pair of leather shoes is very comfortable
用过的瓶子不要乱扔，可以回收	Don't throw away used bottles, they can be recycled
我明天骑我新买的自行车去学校	Tomorrow I ride my newly bought bike to school
飞机将要起飞，请大家坐好	The plain is about to take off, please take your seats
你不觉得这条裙子的颜色很奇怪吗？	Don't you think that the colour of this skirt is very weird?
看见老板走进了办公室，他马上站了起来	After seeing the boss entering the room he immediately got up
我朋友说你很漂亮，其实他说得对	My friend says you are very beautiful, actually he is right
这双鞋很好，其他都太贵了	This pair of shoes is good, the others are all too expensive
我不太清楚你是什么意思	I'm not entirely sure what you mean
我不太舒服，想找老板请假	I'm not feeling well. I'll look for the boss to ask him/her to give me a day off
我希望秋天有时间去找你	I hope I have time in autumn to visit you
我新买的裙子已经破了	My newly bought skirt is already destroyed
你先把这个做完，然后你可以出去玩儿	First finish this, then you can go out and have fun
他们都很热情	They are all very friendly
我认为这本书很有意思	I think this book is very interesting
我一定要认真地学习	I will definitely study hard
回答这个问题很容易	It is easy to answer this question
学汉语不容易	Learning Mandarin is not easy
如果我有钱，我就买这件衣服	If I had money, I would buy this piece of clothing
今天可能要下雨，带上你的雨伞吧	It might be raining today, you should take your umbrella with you
今天晚上我没有时间，我要上网买东西	Today in the evening I don't have time, I will do some online shopping
我的公司不给我钱，我很生气	My company isn't paying me money, I'm very angry
这个是什么奇怪的声音？	What kind of weird sound is that?
你不试，怎么知道不喜欢？	If you don't try, how do you know you don't like it?
为什么有那么多人觉得他们自己是世界上最重要的人?	Why are there so many people thinking they are the most important person in the world?
你太瘦了，多吃点吧	You are too slim, eat a little bit more
我家旁边的树很高	The tree next to my house is huge
这件衬衫很舒服	This shirt is very comfortable
我的叔叔自己开公司，他很有钱	My uncle has his own company, he is very rich
我觉得数学是最有意思的课	I think maths is the most interesting class
我每天早上刷牙	Every morning I am brushing my teeth
我昨天买了一双新的鞋，很好看吧	I bought a new pair of shoes yesterday, look great, don't they?
我的汉语水平越来越高	My Mandarin level is improving constantly
这位出租车司机对我们都很好	This taxi driver was really nice to us
在北京已经下了一个星期的雨，我一个星期没看到太阳	It has been raining for a week already in Beijing, I haven't seen the sun for a full week
我特别喜欢吃苹果	I particularly like eating apples
这里的女人都很漂亮，特别是你	The girls here are all very beautiful, especially you
我生病了，我的头好疼	I am sick, my head hurts a lot
因为我想提高我的汉语水平，所以我每天都努力学习	Because I want to improve my Mandarin level, I study hard each day
这个是我大学的体育馆	This is my university's sports building
这个苹果好甜	This apple is very sweet
我妹妹可能喜欢这条裙子	My little sister might really like this skirt
星期五我和我的同事们去喝酒	On Friday I go drinking with my colleagues
你说得很好，我同意你的话	Very well said, I agree with what you said
她的头发很长	Her hair is very long
门突然开了	Suddenly the door opened
他去了图书馆学习	He went to the library to study
很多男人喜欢腿长的女人	Many men like women with long legs
我的新车真不便宜，三十万元，但是我特别喜欢它	My new car is really not cheap, 300.000 Yuan, but I really like it
服务员，再来三碗米饭	Waiter, three more bowls of rice
作业我要在家里完成	I'll finish the homework at home
别忘记你的帽子	Don't forget your hat
你为比赛准备好了吗？	Have you prepared yourself well for the competition?
这位老师教汉语	This teacher is teaching Mandarin
我是为了你来北京的	Because of you I came to Beijing
如果要懂中国文化就要学汉语	If you want to understand Chinese culture you'll have to study Mandarin
学汉语对西方人很难	It is very difficult for Westerners to learn Mandarin
我习惯了早上五点起床	I got used to getting up at 5 in the morning
我喝太多啤酒了，我要去洗手间	I drank too much beer, I need to go to the toilet
我先洗澡，然后去睡觉	I'm taking a shower first, then I'll go to bed
北京的夏天很热，你一定会需要空调的	The summer in Beijing is very hot, you really need air conditioning
你先给我钱	Give me the money first
从那里向右边走	There turn right
我们向那边走吧	Let's go this way
大家都说我们很像	Everybody says we look very similar
香蕉又便宜又好吃	Bananas are both, cheap and delicious
我不相信你	I don't believe you
这条路的车很多，你要小心	There are loads of cars on this street, take care!
我的学校很大，所以我们的校长每天都很忙	My school is very big, so our headmaster is very busy every day
我每天起床以后上网看新闻	Every day after getting up I check the news online
吃的东西越新鲜越好吃	The fresher food is the better it tastes
我想办一张信用卡	I want to get a credit card
我的行李箱很重，你帮我拿一下吧	My suitcase is very heavy, help me to carry
在中国熊猫还是比较多的	There are still quite a few pandas in China
我们明天需要这本书，你们今天下午去买吧	Tomorrow we need this book, you should buy it in the afternoon today
这里的选择太多了，我不知道选什么好	There are too many choices here, I have no idea what to choose
努力学习，这个是老师对学生最大的要求	Study hard, this is the most important request teachers have for their students
我的爷爷很喜欢火车，他每天去火车站看新的火车	My grandfather loves trains, he's going to the train station every day to watch the latest trains
一般来说，中国人不高	Generally speaking, Chinese are not tall
你喜欢这本书吗？一般般吧	Do you like this book? It is ok
他不是一般的男人	He is not a normal man
一边说一边吃不太好	Talking and eating at the same time is not good
一边是红色，一边是黑色	One side is red, one is black
中国很好，你一定要去	China is great, you really have to go
一共二十三块	23 Yuan altogether
我们一共是十二个人	Altogether we are 12 people
等一会儿	Wait a moment
以前北京没有那么大	Some time ago Beijing wasn't that big
这个苹果和那个苹果一样大	This apple and that apple are equally big
最近他一直在学习	Recently he is always busy with studying
去吃饭以前我要去银行取钱	Before we go for dinner I have to go to the bank to get some money
喝太多饮料对身体不好	Drinking too much isn't good for the body
晚上我一般来说一边听音乐一边做作业	In the evening I'm usually doing my homework and listening to music (at the same time)
你应该去睡觉	You should go to bed
我爷爷对我的影响很大	The influence my grandfather has on me is very big
不用谢	No need to thank me
这个怎么用？	How do you use this?
我可以用你的手机吗？	Can I use your phone?
你又问我这个问题	You are asking me this question again
你又吃苹果	You are eating apples again
这个人在中国很有名	This person is really famous in China
我很少用我的电脑做作业，一般来说我玩游戏	Very rarely I'm using my computer for homework, usually I'm playing games
因为我以前遇到了很多问题，所以我今天那么努力	Because I was faced with lots of problems in the past, I am so hard working today
三千元	3000 RMB
我愿意帮你学汉语，但是你自己也要努力学习	I am willing to help you learn Mandarin, but you yourself have to work hard as well
我男朋友越来越有钱	My boyfriend is becoming richer and richer
月亮晚上来，早上走	The moon is coming in the evening and leaving in the morning
你去离我家最近的地铁站吧，我在那边等你	Go to the subway station that is closest to my home, I'll be waiting there for you
我是在北京长大的	I grew up in Beijing
我买了一张票	I bought a ticket
我生病了，但是我妈妈照顾我照顾得很好	I'm sick, but my mum is taking good care of me
别着急，地铁马上来了	Don't be nervous, the subway is about to come
这张照片上的人是你吗？	Are you the person on this photo?
这个照相机很好，但是太贵了	This camera is great, but too expensive
我只有一块钱	I just have one Yuan/Dollar/etc.
我家有三只小猫	My family has three cats
只有每天好好学习，才能学好汉语	Only when you study every day is it possible to really master Chinese
这种马跑得最快	This kind of horse (this breed) is able to run the quickest
在中间坐着的人就是我爸爸	The person sitting in the middle is my father
她学习中文专业	She is doing a Chinese major
在中国关系很重要	In China relationships are very important
我终于到了	I have finally arrived
我这个周末去北京买东西	This weekend I will go to Beijing to go shopping
第一个主要问题是钱	The first main problem is money
你一定要注意他的头发	You really have to take a close look at his hair
老师自己也不知道怎么回答这个问题	The teacher doesn't know himself how to answer this question
我新买的自行车很漂亮	The new bike I have bought is very beautiful
去饭馆吃饭我总是吃太多	When going out to a restaurant, I'm always eating too much
张嘴，让医生看看你有没有感冒	Open your mouth to let the doctor check if you have a cold or not
最后，他赢得了比赛	Eventually he won the match
最近我越来越胖	Recently I am getting fatter and fatter
老师每天给我们作业，他说作业对我们学汉语很有帮助	Our teacher gives us homework every day, he says that is very helpful for us studying Mandarin
